# PODNAME: TableSpec

# VERSION
# DATE

1;
# ABSTRACT: Table data specification

=head1 SPECIFICATION VERSION

 1


=head1 ABSTRACT

This document describes TableSpec, a specification for table data.


=head1 SPECIFICATION

In this document, hashes are written in JSON or pseudo-JSON (e.g. contains
ellipsis C<...> or JavaScript-style comments C<// ...>).

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL "NOT", "SHOULD",
"SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be
interpreted as described in RFC 2119.

A TableSpec spec is written in L<DefHash>. It can be used to describe the
structure of a relational database table, a CSV file, or an array of hashes.
Tools can be written to convert a TableSpec hash to SQL's CREATE TABLE
statement, or to utilize information in the TableSpec hash to format an HTML
table, to view a DB grid on the web browser, etc.

=head2 Properties

=head3 summary => STR

From DefHash. Table summary.

=head3 description => STR

From DefHash. Table longer description.

=head3 tags => ARRAY

From DefHash.

=head3 fields => HASH

A hash, where the keys are field names and the values field specification. See
L</"FIELD SPECIFICATION">.

=head3 pk => STR | ARRAY

Specify the primary key for the table. Either a string containing a single field
name, or an array of field names (for multi-field key).


=head1 FIELD SPECIFICATION

A DefHash.

=head2 Properties

=head3 schema* => STR|ARRAY

L<Sah> schema. This property is required.

=head3 summary => STR

From DefHash. Field summary.

=head3 description => STR

From DefHash. Field longer description.

=head3 tags => ARRAY

From DefHash.

=head3 pos => INT

Specify the order of field. Must start from 0 and be contiguous.

=head2 req => BOOL (default: 0)

Whether this field is mandatory to be present. If 0, then function can choose to
omit the field.

=head3 sortable => BOOL (default: 1)

Specify whether this field can be sorted.

=head3 filterable => BOOL (default: 1)

Specify whether this field can be used as a filter.

=cut
